we cannot lose this
Spirit we have been through a lot
including the Y Kor
War we our Bloods are
boiling from the highest ranking
officers
to the
soldiers I can not
forget this is the spirit it is the
spirit that bring us together it is the
spirit that makes
us
Invincible our Unity is the
factor we must United hand hand in hand
person to person in the state of Israel
we are together hand in hand shoulder by
shoulder we are doing our best to
provide Comfort to the families who have
lost loved
ones and the families of those kidnapped
as
well the pain
is deep
Indescribable our hearts are heavy it is
a heavy
burden we feel it in every home in every
household we send out our condolences
and our love to all the
families
as
I appointed an officer to be responsible
for
those the missing and the kidnapped we
would like to recruit other
officers in order to
identify the dead bodies in order to
identify them and bring them back to
their families we are doing our best
at the same time to bring home all those
kidnapped who are sparing no
effort to annihilate this horrible
enemy
however on behalf of all all our brave
Fighters like
you we have
many volunteers who have come from from
abroad to join the battlefield it is the
moment of truth it is a battle it is an
all out War I sum it all in one
word
Victory is
inevitable dismantling and annihilating
Hamas is
inevitable Hamas equals
Isis
this is a real crisis Hamas is no less
than
Isis after what happened in
911 this is a big
event at that time there was a Global
Alliance to fight terrorism
no one said anything about sitting and
negotiating with the leaders of Isis
that's why today I am reiterating we
cannot sit or talk to
Hamas
if there is
any leadership sitting and talking to
them we must condemn them we must ition
them this is the message a message of
unity from this
hole from this hole where we run our own
Affairs the young Generations are
pinning High
Hopes we have no weakness we all
together
without exceptions are joined and United
by one
purpose to expel and drive out
brutality to anate Isis to dismantle
habas the whole world has
witnessed the
atrocities perpetrated by Hamas Fighters
the jihadists the holy
Fighters the atrocities perpetrated in
our
towns today the whole world
realized dire
need to annihilate this barbaric
movement I am in close contact with the
United States president and other head
World heads of state like the Britain
France Italy and many
others this morning I met with the
Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin who delivered a
message
and a moving one and I certain that you
have heard these words from Biden and
Lincoln and you can see the ultimate
support to our struggle tomorrow I will
be meeting with the defense secretary of
defense our state the state of Israel is
receiving unprecedented
support and in this battle we are
reinforced and backed by the world
support solidarity and firm
stances at the same time we are
equipped and backed by the military
assistance including the air aircraft
Carri carriers we explain to the world
leaders including Mr
Biden that we must put an end to all
these problems including those have
heard a while
ago we must resolve all these problems
within the the towns surrounding Gaza
Strip and the residents of these towns
must be provided with full arms members
of the KET my fellow citizens our
people our people is one of the oldest
peoples in the
world and throughout history
we have been
tested we have been we have been through
pain and sufferings many pains and
sufferings
however we
never knelt down we were never brought
to our
knees our fortitude is what makes us
Stand Out among other peoples
[Music]
Saturday the 7th of
October will remain
carved in the memory of our people and
all other peoples dark painful
day it is the darkest and the most dire
day in our people's
history not only because of the
atrocities we have
witnessed those reminiscent
of the atrocities
perpetrated in the past but
also of the pain inflicted on all of us
I have
met no one who doesn't know another
person a relative a family
member we all have lost loved ones
killed kidnapped or
missing I have met none
I would like to say
that I have a relative of
mine an officer deployed on the
front he was uh serving in the prime
minister's office but he was deployed to
the front he has been always with my
family my children and his played
[Music]
together now he rests in
peace I call him as my brother he was
among those
killed
he is Dr is the son of yob may he rest
in
peace he
also who is also a patri patriotic with
a father to seven
children I remember very well how yob
introduced me to
him with passion and love so I repeat I
have met none who is not with pain
including
myself however I say this deep
pain I feel and everyone
else will make us more
strong however I can say that there are
degrees
and levels of
pain children
see their parents
murders and otherwise
parents V the rape and the
killing the
atrocities by all sins of the world
we have a solution at hand it is very
clear a clear solution at
hand
[Music]
in happiness and sadness in bad and good
in dark and in
light we have created this precious
state and turned it into a beacon for
hope we built our state by hand and by
the other hand we brought our enemies to
their knees lighted prevailed over
Darkness
survival triumphant over anything else
fellow
members I said a while ago that the
atrocities
perpetrated by Hamas are reminiscent of
those of the Holy
caust however the difference is we are
not kept behind the ghos or
concentration camps we are on our
homeland let's remain
united
we have been always remembering and P
in in the past the left and right did
not come
together each
[Music]
Camp remained steadfast on its position
and the ultimate
end was clear we cannot continue as such
today we are here today on our homeland
and despite what all what is been
said every time we are faced with a
terrorist
operation and every time we find our
people killed at the hands of Hamas or
any other organization I always
said if a single
isolated incident or on a bus
all these
events remind us that a big event is
coming they have malicious intend
intentions against us but
today these m memories are back to our
memories we must remain united we must
March for victory we have a robust State
Mighty Army and above
all we have a mighty
people we have a mighty power with a
firm
conviction and unshaken
faith those on Forefront will
fight with all power until we bring our
[Music]
enemies
we we will
rebuild all the destroyed
towns we will continue to develop our
state
I
ask every one of
you our police and security personnel
and our security guards our army
Personnel everyone including
myself I thank you very much and I thank
the
volunteers Rose
in outstanding numbers I am
overwhelmed with all these powers and
this Spirit we will continue to March we
will
Triumph the these have been Dark Days
difficult ones however we cannot fail to
despair we cannot give
up as our Holy Scripture
says at the end of the day there will be
light and I'm
certain there will be light we will
exit this plight more robust more strong
more
powerful we are hand in
hand shoulder by
shoulder we will win our Victory our
Triumph and we will
prevailing the bylaws I would like to
tell you in the name of the
Kess all will be in line with the terms
of the
Constitution on the 7th of October
because of this is a war of necessity
imposed upon us from Gaza
Strip and in order to save guard the
Safety and Security of our
people I say according to
article We join the members of the
Kess many of the members joined the
government according to Article
15 and as a result the government has
decided
to
amend the situation the position
of Minister interior
Minister government seeks the
endorsement of the speaker of the
K with thank well that was uh prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaking at
Israel's knesset where he announced
Israel's formal declaration of war
against Hamas we're going to bring in
Maan Bashar now he is Al jazer senior
political analyst he joins us from Paris
and M on two main points from Netanyahu
there the first to unite Israel behind
what has happened over the last week the
second main point which he spoke about
at length was to absolutely destroy
Hamas yes these were um The Confident
words of a wartime leader that Netanyahu
has
become the only days after his uh major
debacle by allowing uh such an operation
to take place under his watch He's
certainly trying to changed the
narrative about his failure and that of
the Israeli military
establishment by rallying the spirits uh
of the public opinion about what is
coming uh which is a long and painful
War as he put it and clearly uh he's
trying to unite the Nations behind this
new so-called uh Unity emergency
government in order to launch that war
that every expert in the world agrees is
going to be quite bloody long and costly
notably to the Palestinians with some
putting the estimate at tens of
thousands perhaps hundreds of thousands
of casualties to build the case for war
I think he's uh almost manufacturing a
certain uh atmosphere that is parallel
to that that we've seen after 911
meaning 9112
2001 that's why why his entire
references or at least most of his
references go back to 911 and the war on
terror
comparing uh Hamas to Isis and certainly
drawing parallel with alqaeda and saying
certainly you cannot negotiate with
these groups like you couldn't negotiate
with Isis hence only war is our only
path and clearly delting the kind of U
us ver versus them are you with us or
With the Enemy kind of logic from the
Bush Administration after 911 all to um
justify the kind of invasion that we've
seen of Afghanistan and Iraq in this
case starting against Gaza so I think
there's an entire narrative being
manufactured now on the basis of this is
like you know of being compared to
invoking the Holocaust which is you know
we've always been warned that let's not
just compare anything with the Holocaust
this is a total disrespect to the
Holocaust but I can hear now the Israeli
Prime Minister himself undervaluing and
disrespecting the Holocaust by comparing
this very operation of few hours on
Saturday with years of ethnic cleansing
and genocide of Jews in Europe where 6
million people were
killed Germany's Hitler is not Hamas
trying to liberate its land despite its
unsavory methods last last weekend the
colonial situation in Palestine is not
Nazism in Europe and Palestinians trying
to liberate their land and instill
Justice is certainly not another
Holocaust but as I said the prime
minister is invoking a whole set of
terminologies and scenes between 911
2001 and the attacks on New York and
Washington and the Holocaust in order to
ensure the rallying not only of the
Israeli people behind him but of that of
the western public opinion and Western
governments and as you know Tom most of
these governments have provided the
Netanyahu government with unconditional
support to do whatever it wants as long
as it wants to fight and finish off
hamus yeah moan you're saying that he is
building a case for war here but
everyone that we have spoken to inside
Israel whether it be our correspondents
or analysts from from inside Israel say
that the country really is United uh
after this attack so is this going to
work for Netanyahu that he will unite
the country and uh is Will successfully
build a case for war that to allow him
and his new war cabinet to do whatever
it likes uh when it comes to the
inevitable well potential ground
Invasion or the escalation uh into
Gaza look to be clear there are already
some major voices in Israel although
they're still in the minority calling
for his impeachment and trial and and
definitely saying he's a feared leader
and should not be a wartime leader but
yes in in a in times of Crisis the
Israelis unite as they have done for
since the past 70 years 75 years there's
nothing new there they always do that
regardless of who's leading the country
they tend to uh coales together under
whoever is there in charge and that's
for the time being and and Natan would
like to prolong that as much as possible
even if that's through war in his own
personal agenda but the two new Generals
in his cabinet in the War cabinet have
not personal agendas per se they have
National Security agendas in say and
they know apparently quite well and
that's why there is a new emergency
government is the next few weeks and
months are going to be quite bloody and
as I said earlier there seems to be an
understanding that tens of thousands
perhaps hundreds of thousands of people
or casualties will result out of this
war and we don't know even what the
result of this war might end up being
and how many Israelis among the Israelis
will suffer or die in in the midst of
this war so this is a huge
responsibility to a man who's proven to
be a liar a corrupt leader a failed
leader and so on so forth but here we
are at this Junction and as Israel
amasses 100,000 soldiers on the southern
border with Gaza as it recalls
350,000 military reserves this country
is at the brink of War its defense
minister has already called for an
invasion
after uh the the persistent
indiscriminate bombing of Gaza or War
crime as it were and hence now we are
just basically going to be in a
countdown uh motion towards uh the war
which frankly Tom I don't think anyone
knows what is the end game out of this
so they say it is to dismantle Hamas and
they could probably you know possible
that they will be able to dismantle the
military and the political and
administrative structure of Hamas and
Gaza but they're certainly not going to
be able to crush the idea of Hamas as a
resistance movements against occupation
the occupation would still be there of
Palestinian occu uh territories uh
Palestinian refugees in their Millions
will still be there and the day after
they finished cleaning up as it were
Gaza from Hamas what then will they be
the occupier of Gaza again providing
food and fuel to the PE to the two
million people in Gaza will they bring
the Palestinian Authority to rule there
knowing the failures of the past will
they really sacrific thousands of
Israelis in order to bring back the
Palestinians to rule I certainly cannot
see that so what then what happens after
this genocide takes place in the weeks
and months to come what is the end game
if if it is not an end to occupation
because in 9/11 and in the Holocaust we
knew what the end games were total
destroying of al-Qaeda occupying in
Afghanistan and 20 years later well
America is out of Afghanistan humiliated
and the Taliban are back to rule
Afghanistan in Europe we certainly know
what happened there there was a second
world war and Nazism was definitely
defeated and Germany was definitely
occupied because it was aggressor that
ended up killing tens of millions of
Europeans including 6 million Jews this
is nothing to be compared with a
colonial setting called Israel Palestine
where Israel is not the Jews of Europe
being slaughtered by the German Nazis it
is the occupying power and to continue
to speak almost in in in a in a totally
inhumane way about Israeli suffering
while totally totally ignoring
Palestinian suffering and we are all
watching those images coming from Gaza
about the hundreds or the thousands of
casualties the destructions of property
the displacements of people the hunger
and starvation that is coming The
Cutting of food electricity that every
other European and American leader
called it when it happened in Ukraine to
be a war crime and Terror but when it
comes to Palestine they call it Israel
defending its people the
hypocrisy is
Just Breath thick okay Mar thank you so
much we really do appreciate your
insight into this that's Maan bashara
our senior political analyst for Al
jazer well let's speak to haa abdalhamid
who is outside the knesset in West
Jerusalem where the Israeli Prime
Minister was just speaking a short time
ago announcing the formal declaration
for War hter as we heard Maan saying
there he's
Netanyahu is building a case for war
will that be widely supported around
Israel I think indeed it would be widely
supported because we had heard many
voices saying that the government and
the military really need to deal with
the situation once and for all I just
want to bring you to speed though that
while to what has been happening here on
the ground while the Prime Minister uh
was talking in the knesset that building
behind me here while on the other side
of town in occupied East Jerusalem uh
there has been a an attack we have at
the moment preliminary information we
know that there has been a an exchange
of gunfire we are hearing that there's
also a number of wounded and the Israeli
Army saying uh that the attacker has
been in what they call neutralized which
means that he has been killed too so we
will update you be on that but going
back to what the Prime Minister uh was
saying certainly he wants to show and
convey the message that now that he has
this um emergency Unity government uh he
returns to be that confident uh the
Prime Minister who has always uh led the
country and who has always promised um
the Israelis uh security and that's why
they trusted him so much but it might be
much more difficult this time because
actually a re a poll that came out today
uh so 6 days after uh the attack last
Saturday says that n 84% of Israelis
believe that the Saturday's attack was a
failure of the political leadership and
94 of the Israelis believe that the
government is responsible for the
collapse of the defense system around
and in the Gaza Strip so there you have
very critical voices uh uh towards uh
Benjamin Netanyahu many Israelis saying
that this is actually October 7th being
The Darkest Day in the history of this
uh young country something that the
prime Min had prime minister here inside
has reiterated uh but the people outside
the wide Israeli public are pointing the
finger at him and we were heard earlier
in the day our correspondent uh was at
Tel Aviv airport hundreds and thousands
of people are trying to get their way
out of the country this is also an
indication that the the trust in the
political leadership and the trust in
the defense uh system has crumbled
somehow uh since over the past uh week
and that many people now prefer to leave
the country which is something that
hasn't happened in previous Wars granted
this is going to be a much bigger War
there's going to be probably a land
Invasion Israel could come under more
rocket fire not only from Gaza but also
from uh Lebanon if that is the case but
it's something that Israelis were used
to um that they knew how to cope and
they trusted blindly their uh security
apparatus they trusted blindly that
military that has somehow crumbled that
is breached and that is something that
the the people are still coming to grasp
with and it's something think probably
the prime minister is aware of but
doesn't understand the extent of the
breach that has happened there between
him and the rest of the
public okay thank you so much for that H
we really do appreciate it that is H
abdalhamid who is outside the knesset in
West
Jerusalem